Stream basics - Messages (remade) (#648)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/index.md

- Extract, transform, and load (ETL) collections, tailing files, and scraping HTTP endpoints.
- Integrating stream data and trigger actions based on the data. This can be a single service request or a complex enterprise integration flow.
- Consume and publish events.
- Run pre-made and custom [functions](query-guide/functions/).
- Write custom [JavaScript functions](query-guide/custom-script-functions.md) to interact with your streams.
- Query, modify, and join the data stored in [tables](table/index.md) which support primary key constraints and indexing.
- Rule processing based on single event using [`filter`](query-guide/query.md#filter) operator, `if-then-else` and `match` [functions](query-guide/query.md#function), and many others.

> These actions allow you to build robust global data processing and integration pipelines at the edge by combining powerful stream processing, multi-model database and geo-replicated streams capabilities.

Reviewer: At some point, we should get some guidance from marketing to make sure this content is in line with our current official verbiage for the GDN.

- Process them to transform, enrich, and generate insights.
- Publish them to multiple types of sinks.

> To use stream processor, you need to write the processing logic as a stream application using streaming SQL language which is discussed in the [Stream Query Guide](query-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use process streams, you need to write the processing logic as a stream worker query, which is discussed in [Stream Worker Queries](query-guide/).
```

> When the stream application is published, it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the stream worker is published, it:
```
